## Abstract

- A form of long-range attack on PoS
- However, with the decrease of transaction fees in current PoS based blockchain systems, adversaries require several decades to complete this attack
- Eclipse-based stake-bleeding attack  that reduces the
attack completion time significantly
- Eclipse based stake bleeding attack only requires 2.4 years whereas, the stake bleeding attack requires 22.9 years for successful attack.



Introduction

- PoS protocol attempts to use an internal economic incentive like digital currencies instead of consuming
the computational power to reach consensus
- which solves the caused issues from PoW such as excessive computational power consumption 
- In the PoS protocol, a block is generated by a verifier selected according to the size of the held stake

- In this  paper, the author talked about how improved stake bleeding attack can utlize the eclipse attack to reduce the attack completion time significantly.
- Findings indicate that in the absence of an eclipse
attack, a set of adversaries holding a 30% stake distribution needs to spend at least 22 years completing the attack.
- The attack completion time is greatly shortened with the help of an eclipse attack
- the attack completion time is about two and a half years when the adversaries holding a 30% stake distribution control the victims holding a 18% stake distribution



## Stake bleeding attack

A set of adversaries holding about 30% stake of the whole network requires about 6 years to complete the attack.

However, decrease in transaction fees leads to a sharp decrease in the growth of the adversaries’ stake, because of which the stakebleeding attack may become impossible nowadays.


## Topics

1. Brief introduction on 3 types of long rang attack and some proposed countermeasures. 
2. Talk about eclipse based stake bleeding attack.
3. Estimation about minimum attack completion time. 
4. Conclusion



## Long range attack

- The long range attack was first put forward by Vitalik Buterin
- 
For a long-range attack, an attack rewrites the blockchain history from the old state, which is difficult to accomplish but still has a huge security risk.

Three categories of long-range:

- **Simple atack**: An attacker can change timestamps of the private chain to achieve more blocks advantages over than the main chain.
-  **Posterior curruption**: an adversary can bribe or hack to collect a large number of private keys belonging to some verifiers who do not have any stake anymore, and uses these private keys to sign blocks on the private chain, thus the chain grows more quickly.
- **Stake bleeding**:
    - the adversaries can improve their stake by replicating transactions from the main chain to get extra transaction fees. As the held stake increases, their probability of creating blocks in the private chain also increases. 
    - Meanwhile, the adversaries can skip their rounds of creating blocks on the main chain to delay its growth rate
    - The stake-bleeding attack brings a huge advantage for the adversaries to catch up with the main chain.

Countermeasures

- **posterior corruption**: *key-evolving cryptography* : that the adversaries cannot use the private keys that has already signed blocks to sign on the private chain since these private keys can be used only once
- **Stake bleeding**: 
    - *density detect mechanism*: The first mitigation is based on detecting the gap of density between different chains. In the stake-bleeding attack, the private chain created by the adversaries is very sparse at first and becomes denser as time passes, whereas the main chain grows slowly.  It is thus obvious to detect the big gap of density between the private chain and the main chain.

    - *Context-Sensitive*: adds the hash of the previous block into a transaction, so the transactions copied from the main chain become invalid. For the adversaries, it is quite hard to carry on the stake-bleeding attack since the copied transactions are invalid and they cannot get the corresponding transaction fees

## Eclipse Attack

 This “use case” of a Sybil attack is also called Eclipse Attack.

 One way to mitigate Sybil Attacks is to introduce or raise the cost to create an identity.

 This cost must be carefully balanced. It has to be low enough so that new participants aren’t restricted from joining the network and creating legitimate identities.

 It must also be high enough that creating a large number of identities in a short period of time becomes very expensive 

## Proposed Eclipse based stake bleeding

Phases:

- Preparation
- Implementation

Preparation: 

- set of adversaries picks the target victims on the main chain and executes an eclipse attack on them.
- The target of the adversaries’ implementation of an eclipse attack is some honest peers that hold a relatively large stake on the main chain.
- Meanwhile, the victims who hold larger stake will make the proposed attack more effective.
-  The attack starts from the genesis block or
the latest checkpoint, and the adversaries prolong the private chain after the block containing information of all the nodes who will participate in verifying blocks. Note that both the adversaries and the victims are verifiers holding the stake on the main chain.







## keywords:

- Blockchain
- Proof of work
- Proof of stake
- Delegate Proof of stake
- Stake bleeding attack
- Long range attack
    - Simple atack
    - Prsterior curruption 
    - stake bleeding 
- Nothing at stake
- Eclipse attack
- Eclipse based stake bleeding attack


- https://eprint.iacr.org/2018/248.pdf
- https://academy.horizen.global/technology/advanced/attacks-on-blockchain/
- https://www.researchgate.net/publication/334343540_Eclipse-based_Stake-Bleeding_Attacks_in_PoS_Blockchain_Systems
- https://academy.horizen.global/technology/advanced/attacks-on-blockchain/